hey everyone its rush me it is sunday
january the ninth and this is kind of my
weekly update okay i just want to jump
on here really quick and say first of
all in person happy new year everybody
happy how do you hear i just got home
went to church and a big ol bridal show
thing this past weekend I'm long story
but anyway I'm holding the camera like
this because first of all I don't know
anything about this new camera i'm
totally confused and you might not even
see this video because i didn't know
anyway but i also wanted to share with
you guys my favorite favorite thing
which is a necklace that my husband gave
for me gave to me for Christmas I can't
even speak that actually has some
meaning behind it so i will show you the
necklace first let me it is a necklace
okay i have on that black thing is an a
rosary from although ignore that it's
the gold necklace that i'm showing you
and it has two pieces it has this little
top piece with a little drop rhinestone
anything but it has this ducky can you
see that with a crown on it anyway i've
been wearing this all day yes outside
the house my husband bought it for me
and the story behind the necklace is
that it's a Betsey Johnson necklace that
I saw at a department store called von
maur here in st. Louis and I love rubber
duckies I love rubber duckies I've
collected them for a while so I'm stir
about that too and so I saw this
necklace and I loved it I I don't know
why I just love the necklace and I just
thought it was so goofy and fun and kind
of you know playful and happy and it
just made me happy and I even loved it
more because it has a little crown on
they have a little crown on it and it
has little pink stones in the crown and
I will peak so I would go to the store
and I would visit this necklace I
wouldn't buy it and the reason I
wouldn't buy it is because I kind of
figured where would I ever wear such a
thing I love the necklace neck
the necklace was 100% me but I just
would not buy the necklace I told myself
that when I got a creative job I would
buy this necklace so basically I would
go to the store and almost visit the
necklace which is kind of sad me think
about it but I wouldn't buy it for
myself because I thought that since I
work in a corporate office that would
never be opportunity for me to wear a
necklace was a ducky around my neck but
when I was free I would buy the necklace
well little did I know my husband is
actually listening and so on Christmas
Day um I got a lot of great gifts but
this one meant the most to me because
when I opened the box and I saw this
necklace I burst out crying I cried like
a baby you guys because not because I
was so happy about seeing the necklace I
mean I had literally just been in the
store the day before on Christmas Eve
looking at this necklace um so I don't
know if he went and got it right after
me or if he got a different one or
whatever but it was just that um it was
the meaning of the necklace that made me
cry if that makes any sense and yeah
anyway I'm getting really long winded so
let's move on okay this is really not a
weekly update I just wanted to jump on
here and say hello to you guys but i
will show you my hair it is still the
remnants of what was on my head for
coffee girls and cupcakes I took the
pompadour thing that was actually on
their down um and I just having a mohawk
yesterday like out get a mohawk but I
just pinned it back up and this is my
little banana clip from love naturals of
that graph so that's kind of what's on
my head I've court let this to charge my
hair needs to be watched so bad and I
know this camera is high-definition so
if y'all actually in the High Definition
dirt please do not judge me okay unless
you want come over here and watch this
but I do have a trip coming up soon so I
do have to take my hair down in the next
week or so yeah and I might actually try
to figure out how to wear of my be she
drew way that I did a review on and hide
this the milk it still looks nice to me
you know I don't really have a problem
with fuzz but anyway so that's what's on
my head other updates include let's see
i have a few book reviews coming up
when winter comes I read a lot of books
to look up for that i have been using a
clarisonic face brush for the past month
or so i don't have it right now because
my husband and i share of russian week
we don't share the heads I have a
different let me see I have my own head
my head section right here and I can't
get it out of the air there there's the
head for the brush so i'll be doing a
review on the clarisonic brush so good
so far I love the brush itself I've been
seeing great results however I don't
like the cleanser that comes with it
it's great except for when I have my
periods coming like right now so when I
have the hormonal issues so i might have
to try just using my black soap with it
because i don't like the fact that i'm
breaking up there and there i'm in
fighting stuff down there this past week
whatever other things copy curls and
cupcakes um I do have pictures for
coffee curls and cuff key facts he had
pictures with coffee girls and cupcakes
a day after the event um long story
short it was pretty incredible to turn
out I heard last week from the organizer
that we had almost 700 people in
attendance almost 700 that's 700 people
in a tenant so I mean I was
guesstimating like four but almost seven
Wow so that was pretty incredible I will
put up a separate video for all the
pictures and tell you fact about I am so
sorry it took so long but have you know
it happened right before Christmas and
so I was trying to pictures up and then
somehow men and then by the time i got
the to get the pictures off able to
holiday season so you know and then all
that stuff with the backup drive i am
hopefully going to have my computer up
around ago and i can get this video up
because the server has been fixed Mr Man
fixed his the server and has backup
drive going and everything so that will
be how I started off to New Year so look
out you guys I will announce the winners
for my last two to several days of
giveaways thank you you guys so much for
entering and I'm actually going to get
off this camera right now because yeah I
feel like I'm rambling and I hope you
guys are having a wonderful beginning of
the
I cannot believe the first week of
January is gone already have so many
things going on um and this year and I'm
excited about this year oh one more
thing I am doing the 31-day reset your
life challenge from happy black woman
calm I am doing daily post on my blog if
you are interested please go to have
black woman calm and sign up you can get
each assignment sent to you daily in
your email box and if you're interested
in following along with me I have been
posted all math stuff out on the
interwebs all my blog lavishing comm
check it out it has been pretty
incredible actually it's been way more
in depth and wonderful than I even
expected so I hope you guys have a great
week and I will see you next time bye
you guys